how's it going guys baba start here
again and think computers and today
we're taking a look at a video card from
Asus it's their gtx 560 TI directcu two
topics a lot of words it is there gtx
560ti that is overclocked so it's
running at 900 megahertz and it's their
directcu to top version what that means
is using their special cooler that's
going to be a lot better than the
reference design so let's take a look
take a look at the box here asus has
some type of night guy riding a horse or
something like that it lets us know that
it is the 900 megahertz overclocked
version that's 80 megahertz faster than
the reference design some of the
features are two gigabytes of gddr5 full
directs directx11 support and the super
alloy power which we'll get into a
second and of course it is a gtx 560 TI
directcu to top card open it over here
you have a lot of the features gone over
here so the direct see see you too is
there cooler design and it's supposed to
be twenty percent cooler than the normal
reference design and then you have your
super alloy power which means all of
your power delivery components are made
of this certain alloy that ACS uses this
is supposed to give it a 15-percent
performance boost its supposed to
operate a 35 degree cooler and it gives
it a 2.5 x longer lifespan also you have
your GPU tweak utility and unless it
lists all of your connections on the
back here so let's just get to the good
part in open this all up
and we have another box force asus box
open it up and should be all of our
accessories which looks like we have our
vga driver manual and a little user's
guide it looks like that's all that's in
here of course under here is going to be
our graphics card which you can see
right there and then in this side what
do we have over here we have these which
i'm not used to seen but these are your
PCI Express power to molex power
connection see of two of those you have
it looks like mini HDMI to full HD line
and you of course you have your DVI to
VGA adapter right there taking a look at
the card here you can see that asus has
gone with their black in red design this
is something they've been doing for
quite a while now and this is the direct
see you too so that is the cooling
system that they're using so you have
two cooling fans one that's actually
right on top of the GPU and the other
one that's on top of the memory here and
then you do have two large heat sinks
both on the GPU and then one over here
that don't know if you can see if I can
get in close enough for me move this fan
a little bit you can see the heat pipes
going from the cooler that's on the GPU
to this heat sink over here so what
that's actually going to do is that's
going to transfer transfer the heat from
the GPU over to this other heat sing and
then this fan is going to cool that all
off you can also see if you can see
there you can see the heat sinks down
here also on other components very very
nice to see that it's going to keep this
card nice and cool now on the opposite
side here you can see there is an Asus
logo so this is going to sit in your in
your taste like this so the Asus logo is
going to be visible of course now you do
have two 6-pin PCI Express power
connectors right there and of course you
have your SLI connector
right there as far as connections go you
do have your two DVI as well as your
mini HDMI and again this does come with
the adapter so you have your mini HDMI
two full HDMI adapter included so you'll
have to worry about getting a certain
cable for that and this is a dual slot
car so you do have your little
ventilation holes right here but that is
about it guys this is the asus gtx 560
TI directcu to talk video card check
back very soon on think computers org
for the full written review and remember
if you like around boxing videos why
don't you subscribe catch guys letter
you